Update Go Path Injection Sanitizer and Sink (#20064)
github/codeql: go/ql/lib/change-notes/2025-07-15-path-injection-sanitizers.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Remove model `CreateTemp` function, from the `os` package, as a path-injection sink due to proper sanitization by Go. Add check for `os.PathSeparator` in sanitizers for path-injection query.

Reviewer: Note that it's only the second argument of `CreateTemp` that's no longer a sink.

> * Remove model `CreateTemp` function, from the `os` package, as a path-injection sink due to proper sanitization by Go. Add check for `os.PathSeparator` in sanitizers for path-injection query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The second argument of the `CreateTemp` function, from the `os` package, is no longer a path-injection sink due to proper sanitization by Go.
* The query "Uncontrolled data used in path expression" (`go/path-injection`) now detects sanitizing a path by adding `os.PathSeparator` or `\` to the beginning.
```
